chore: clarify context.waitUntil() logic for frequently asked questions (#12524)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/runtime-apis/handlers/fetch.md

The `waitUntil()` method extends the lifetime of the `fetch` event. It accepts a `Promise`-based task which the Workers runtime will execute before the handler terminates but without blocking the response. For example, this is ideal for [caching responses](/workers/runtime-apis/cache/#put) or handling logging.

> Calling `waitUntil()` several times is acceptable and works similarly to `Promise.allSettled` where even if a previous promise is rejected, proceeding promises will continue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can call `waitUntil()` multiple times. Similar to `Promise.allSettled`, even if a promise passed to one `waitUntil` call is rejected, promises passed to other `waitUntil()` calls will still continue to execute.
```
